Proofread: validation, bibliography (#885)
rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator: docs/model/validation.rst

* **Net zero energy (NZE) constraint**: Grid + PV and Grid + PV + Heat Pump (data `set 1 <https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/tree/dev/tests/benchmark_test_inputs/Constraint_net_zero_energy_true>`__, `set 2 <https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/tree/dev/tests/benchmark_test_inputs/Constraint_net_zero_energy_False>`__, `set 3 <https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/tree/dev/tests/benchmark_test_inputs/Constraint_net_zero_energy_sector_coupled_true>`__, `set 4 <https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/tree/dev/tests/benchmark_test_inputs/Constraint_net_zero_energy_sector_coupled_False>`__/`pytest <https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/blob/dev/tests/test_benchmark_constraints.py>`__): Degree of NZE >= 1 when constraint is used and degree of NZE < 1 when constraint is not used.

.. note::

>     Benchmark test inputs are available in the codebase folders within :code:`tests/benchmark_test_inputs`. They can also be used to get to know the MVS. The benchmark test assertions are provided as :code:`pytests` in a number of files in :code:`tests` with the naming convention :code:`test_benchmark_*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Benchmark test input data is available in the codebase folders within :code:`tests/benchmark_test_inputs`. It can also be used as simple example cases to get to know the MVS. The benchmark test assertions are provided as :code:`pytests` in a number of files in :code:`tests` with the naming convention :code:`test_benchmark_*`.
```

 :width: 600

The graph underlines the use of the graphical displays validation technique for model verification. It is not an automatized output of the MVS, but indicates that such tests would also be appropriate to translate into benchmark tests.

Other input-output transformations that could be used for sensitivity analysis tests are:

* **Fuel price or generator efficiency variation** around a point where the fuel price or generator efficiency is equal to electricity price or transformer efficiency of the electricity grid.

* **Peak demand price variation** around a point where generator dispatch could avoid consumption from the grid at times of peak demand, thus avoiding peak demand pricing expenditures

.. _validation_other_models:

Comparison to other models
##########################

A comparision of the results of different models regarding an identical reference system is a validation method that is commonly used. However, one model cannot absolutely validate another model or claim that one is better than the other. This is why the focus should be on testing the correctness, appropriateness and accuracy of a model vis-à-vis its purpose.

> Since the MVS is an open source tool, it is important to use a validated model for comparison, but also similar open source tools like urbs and Calliope for instance. The following two articles list some of the models that could be used for comparison to the MVS: :ref:`(Ringkjøb, 2018) <reference_bibliography>` and :ref:`(Bloess, 2017) <reference_bibliography>`. A thorough comparison to other models able to perform optimizations for sector-coupled energy systems is something that should be performed in the future.

Author: Ah, actually there is some sector coupling in there: https://reiner-lemoine-institut.de/en/flexmex. But it is interregional systems, not local systems.

> Since the MVS is an open source tool, it is important to use a validated model for comparison, but also similar open source tools like urbs and Calliope for instance. The following two articles list some of the models that could be used for comparison to the MVS: :ref:`(Ringkjøb, 2018) <reference_bibliography>` and :ref:`(Bloess, 2017) <reference_bibliography>`. A thorough comparison to other models able to perform optimizations for sector-coupled energy systems is something that should be performed in the future.

Author: Ah, actually there is some sector coupling in there: https://reiner-lemoine-institut.de/en/flexmex. But it is interregional systems, not local systems.
